fix(standards): minimum burn amount error message (#3474)
0xMiden/protocol: CHANGELOG.md

- Restricted indexed input-note asset removal to the native account's context while preserving active-note self-removal. As a consequence, note scripts and transaction scripts can no longer remove input-note assets by index directly, and neither can foreign accounts invoked through FPI; indexed removal must go through a procedure of the native account ([#3445](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/issues/3445)).
- Fixed `faucet::mint` and `faucet::burn` failing when the asset's witness in the input vault had not already been loaded, which happened when minting into a faucet whose vault held other assets, or when burning an asset the transaction had not otherwise accessed; both procedures now request the witness from the host before updating the input vault ([#3409](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3409)).
- Enforced the canonical encoding of `Authority` role map values on read: `Authority::try_from_storage` now rejects a procedure-role value word whose reserved felts (`value[1..=3]`) are non-zero, matching the value-slot check and completing the fix started in [#3209](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3209) ([#3415](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3415)).

> - Fixed `ERR_BURN_AMOUNT_BELOW_MIN_BURN_AMOUNT` to "amount to be burned must meet or exceed specified minimum burn amount" ([#3474](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3474)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clarified the `ERR_BURN_AMOUNT_BELOW_MIN_BURN_AMOUNT` error message to better match the actual validated constraint ([#3474](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3474)).
```
What do you think of this phrasing instead? Also, I would probably classify this as a generic change rather than a fix

Reviewer 2: did you mean constraint?

but yes, I like this wording more

Reviewer: Thanks for catching that! Updated the suggestion
